yo yo yo this is your man Royster 59 a
k-8 nickel one-quarter the
slaughterhouse machine one half of the
bad neva regime you're on magnifier been
in a game since 99 my first thing that I
ever was on with slim shady LP what I
went through yet it definitely helped me
as an artist what I went through back in
the day um help me as an artist it
helped me as a person you know there was
a lot of times in my life where I was
looking at it like yo which why am I
going through this why me you know now I
look back and it makes me even more firm
believer fate I feel like all of those
things had to happen things happen for a
reason if in if it wasn't for me going
through that I probably wouldn't be you
know where i am now so ended up being a
blessing if anything it just feels
surreal to be in this position it's
definitely not a position that I thought
I was gonna be in she even had
opportunity to perform on the big stage
and just be a part of something but its
magnitude you don't really dream about
this because it seems so far-fetched you
know so um I don't know I guess hard
work just pays off i'm not surprised at
all he just feels surreal when did not
develop passion for lyricism come i
think i've always had it I can't I don't
know if I could pinpoint a time where I
felt like I was developing a passion for
it I've always wanted to write you know
I'm saying I've always wanted to write
rhymes even when I wasn't really that
good at it I thought I was a little so I
started out trying hard to make good
rhymes instead of just go away around I
started out rhyming these real big words
real big words and I was using them all
a lot of context if you don't plan like
just because they run I tried to run
like a scientist when I first start
so I started out region 4 and so it
always was like that yeah been in the
studio with slaughterhouse am is
definitely competitive I mean I'm
probably delete the least competitive
out everybody like I I'm working song
with this I'm more concerned with the
song just coming out sounding good and I
never ever want to stress myself out to
the point to where i think i have to
have the best verse every song it's not
gonna happen when you're in there with
those guys so i'm just going in and do
the best that I can do sometimes I might
people might feel like I got the best
verse from times people might feel like
crooked has the best verse it's a roll
of the dice when everybody is in there
so you know um but it's definitely a
competitive thing everybody's trying to
keep up nobody wants to be the weak link
on the songs I think 2000 2011 that the
state i mean the state of hip hop I
think it's when you got a project like
the project me and Marshall just put out
you gotta watch the throne we got Wayne
and Drake going album you got the car
door for you got j Cole coming out sep
tember slaughterhouse album out at the
end it at the end of this year i think
these kind of albums are gonna make it
so it's cool to be lyrical again you
know hip-hop i think just went through a
phase where it wasn't really cool to
have lyrics i mean the kids were being
taught that like rappers don't make
money you know I'm saying like lyricist
lyrices ain't wassup make a song with a
dance attached to it just make a song as
home make the club go crazy and those
songs are cool I just I just think the
hip-hop needs a balance that the kids
can get bad folk and it's an even
playing field you know so I think those
albums did I name or summat albums just
gonna make it cool for lyricism to be
back again
I'm thinking light I happening the
number one album in the country
definitely has broadened my fan base a
little bit but success is certain I
don't know how much I don't even know if
there's even a way to gauge that but
it's definitely I definitely notice the
difference on my Twitter page it's
definitely um definitely a lot of
diehard Eminem fans that are on my
timeline now and they seem to really
love me now so shout-out to everybody
for team shady I love you guys you're on
magnifier and check out my new joint
scar writers block featuring eminem
peace